<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_nzf_p2z_yx">
    <title>Connecting to the Virginia Tech server/Wi-Fi</title>
    <shortdesc>Need to connect to the Internet when renting with AirClassroom? Here's
        how!</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>You will need a temporary username and password when logging in to the Virginia
            Tech server.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in to your AirClassroom account</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click "Settings" on the Main Menu</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In "Settings", select "Connecting to the Network"</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In "Connecting to the Network", select "Obtain Temporary Login"</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the reservation you would like access to the VT server/Wi-Fi
                    during</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_i1q_cfg_zx">After confirming this information, we will send you a
            username and password that you will use to log in to the Virginia Tech server/Wi-Fi.
            This login information will only be valid during your reservation and only for the
            duration of your reservation. Each time you request access to the network for a
            different reservation, we will provide you with a unique username and password. This is
            done to protect Virginia Tech's server and prevent overloading.</result>
        <postreq id="postreq_z1d_b3g_zx">Once you log in with your network username and password,
            all of the computers in the classroom will have access to the Virginia Tech server and
            Wi-Fi for the duration of your reservation.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
