<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE troubleshooting PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Troubleshooting//EN" "troubleshooting.dtd">
<troubleshooting id="trouble_exb_52z_yx">
  <title>Cancelling or Rescheduling Reservations</title>
  <troublebody>
    <condition>
      <p>Have a problem with your reservation and need to cancel? Something come up and you need to
        reschedule? Here's what to do.</p>
    </condition>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause>
        <title>Cancelling a reservation with AirClassroom</title>
        <p>Here at AirClassroom, we understand if you need to cancel your reservation because of a
          problem, conflict or other issue. We just ask that you notify us at least 24 hours before
          the time/date of your reservation.</p>
      </cause>
      <remedy>
        <responsibleParty/>
        <steps-unordered>
          <step>
            <cmd>When cancelling your reservation, contact us at airclassroom@vt.edu or 1-800-AIRVT
              at least 24 hours before the time/date of your reservation. We will email or call you
              back confirming your cancellation within 24 hours. Your reservation will be refunded
              in full if you abide by these conditions.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause id="cause_dyy_klb_1y">
        <title>Rescheduling a reservation with AirClassroom</title>
        <p>If you need to reschedule your reservation, legitimate reasoning must be provided. Your
          options may also be slim, depending on how close to your original reservation time you
          request a reschedule.</p>
      </cause>
      <remedy id="remedy_eyy_klb_1y">
        <responsibleParty/>
        <steps-unordered id="steps-unordered_fyy_klb_1y">
          <step>
            <cmd>You must notify us at least 3 days before the day of your reservation to
              reschedule, and we will provide you with a list of potential time/date slots
              available. Again, the earlier the better when it comes to rescheduling. Legitimate
              reasoning MUST be provided.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
  </troublebody>
</troubleshooting>
