<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE troubleshooting PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Troubleshooting//EN" "troubleshooting.dtd">
<troubleshooting id="trouble_dlt_w2z_yx">
  <title>Frequently Asked Questions</title>
  <troublebody>
    <condition>
      <p>Here are a few frequently asked questions by AirClassroom users.</p>
    </condition>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause>
        <title>Is there a limit on how many reservations I can book within a week?</title>
      </cause>
      <remedy>
        <responsibleParty/>
        <steps-unordered>
          <step>
            <cmd>Yes, there is a weekly limit on reservations. AirClassroom users can book no more
              than 3 reservations per week, and no two reservations can be on consecutive days. This
              helps prevent only a few users having access to the rooms throughout the week.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause id="cause_p3g_drb_1y">
        <title>How many people are allowed in an AirClassroom at once?</title>
      </cause>
      <remedy id="remedy_q3g_drb_1y">
        <responsibleParty/>
        <steps-unordered id="steps-unordered_r3g_drb_1y">
          <step>
            <cmd>Shanks 360 and 180 are very similar in size. We generally don't have any problems
              with users overpacking rooms with people, but suggest that they limit the size of
              their party to 25. There are only 20 computers per room, so that gives everyone a
              computer and chair with 5 people who either have to double up or use the space
              creatively.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause id="cause_thk_drb_1y">
        <title>What do I do if I want to move furniture, desks or other items around the room to
          customize my AirClassroom to best fit my needs?</title>
      </cause>
      <remedy id="remedy_uhk_drb_1y">
        <responsibleParty/>
        <steps-unordered id="steps-unordered_vhk_drb_1y">
          <step>
            <cmd>AirClassroom spaces are intended to serve as multi-purpose, versatile facilities
              for our users. If you want to move something around to make the space better fit your
              needs, go for it! The only thing we ask is that you rearrange the room to its original
              configuration before leaving.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
  </troublebody>
</troubleshooting>
